when you think of the world's most
dangerous bird
as i do sometimes eagles or vultures may
come to your mind
surprisingly these awkward cassowaries
may cause
way more damage than the other more
notorious angry birds i first mentioned
the largest cassowary species may be as
tall as an average person
and weighing as much these plump birds
can't fly
but neither can you plus they run fast
so don't you try to escape from them
they can reach you
even in water since they're great
swimmers they can run as fast as 30
miles per hour
so you might need a getaway car if
there's a cassowary who's mad at you
but don't worry their attacks are quite
rare anyways
mute swans are gorgeous graceful
creatures
at least that's what we all think but
touching one of these 28 pound birds is
a bad idea they have bony spurs in their
wings that they use to take enemies out
their wingspan is about eight feet and
they can slap you with all of that
and they also bite don't ever get too
close to one
they regularly go after humans
especially if the bird has
younglings nearby and don't let the name
fool you either they aren't mute swans
can hiss
loudly and even bark good warning signs
that you're encroaching a bit too close
humans and magpies have always had weird
almost love-hate relationships
these medium-sized birdies can be pretty
aggressive at times
but if you treat them well you'll
probably become friends
they can recognize human faces and
they're sure to come back to your
balcony
if you treat them to something yummy if
you offend a magpie
they're gonna remember that too and bear
some grudges
so keep an eye on your eye pardon the
pot
pelicans are symbols of love and they
say they're ready to sacrifice their own
life to protect their offspring
ah now it's clear why they can swallow
the entire prey without even chewing it
or tearing it
you just don't want to go near their
nest sure you're not a tiny fish and
pelican beaks are too small for a human
being but
you don't want to be bitten now do you
okay this one's gonna frighten you only
with its name
a shoe bill stork is an impressively
large bird
up to five feet just below the average
human height
no wonder they can fight a crocodile all
right a baby crocodile
but they need only their super powerful
jaw to win
in one hit still not afraid
well they make blood chilling noises as
if you were in some action blockbuster
movie
[Music]
if you think these cowardly ostriches
don't pose any danger
you got it wrong twice first they
actually don't shove their heads in the
sand
it's an optical illusion and yeah how
are they even supposed to breathe in the
sand
second these guys are kind of
overprotective parents
so if you ever want to approach their
young these heavyweight beasts who can
run as fast as a car within city limits
are gonna come for you not scared yet
well you should be ostriches are the
closest living relatives to t-rex
together with chickens
what scenes look quite harmless except
for their foul smell
but that's another story but their
babies have notorious wings
the chicks flappers have two distinct
claws that are multi-purpose
first they are sort of protection
against predators
and second they help them climb trees in
case the baby's out of the nest
once they grow up the claws disappear
just like milk teeth
size doesn't matter at times if you were
a hummingbird
you'd have to eat almost 300 pounds of
food per day
to maintain normal weight with that
little bird's metabolism
but the lifespan would be way shorter
too only about three to five years
if you dye your hair you probably have
more in common with a bearded vulture
than you might think
we're probably the only two species in
the world who use
dye on purpose vultures dye their
feathers with red soil
to show their dominance over other birds
people
well we just like changes
california condors may not be as large
as an aircraft
but they're huge anyways their wingspan
is almost 10 feet
these are potentially dangerous for
people but chances that you ever meet
them are slim
there are only about 200 of them left in
the u.s
here you are looking for something yummy
in the fridge
but you just can't see what you really
want if you were a bastion
thrust you'd break wind at the fridge
sounds gross but that's apparently the
way these birdies look for hiding worms
they give them a gas attack so the worms
get shocked and yippee
they are now an easy target for a
bastion thrush
hold your nose and bon appetit
okay enough of those funky stories let's
look at the skies
you wouldn't expect a poisonous bird on
this list but
alas i present to you the hooded pitahui
scientists found out they were poisonous
when they kept experiencing numbness and
a burning sensation after handling these
birds
there are lots of toxins in their
feathers especially on the underside
the birds don't produce toxins
themselves they probably get them from
the beetles they eat
or how about the spur-winged goose these
guys are notorious for being toxic too
and the toxicity comes from munching on
blister beetles
it's safe to touch them but eating one
can lead to irreversible consequences
wink wink the toxin remains even after
cooking
another bird you don't want to eat is a
common quail
don't mix it up with a japanese quail
which is usually kept as poultry
common quails can be really poisonous
leading to even such dreadful
consequences
as kidney failure it all depends on the
certain
plants this bird eats good news it's
only poisonous during the migration
period
but it's yummy and safe outside the
migration
if you're not quite sure it's better to
avoid this one on your plate
unless you want some muscle soreness if
you spot a cute fluffy snowy owl
you better close your eyes and run they
might look innocent
but in fact they have razor sharp
talents which they know
perfectly how to use they point them at
the most vulnerable parts
like head eyes you got it do not
mess with a snowy owl one more species
you don't want to contact
is the little shrike thrush say that a
few times fast
strike thrush just look at this tiny
birdie and its innocent
eyes and don't let them fool you
remember the way they look
and never touch them they're as
poisonous as notorious central and south
american dart frogs
blue capped eye frida may be tiny but it
has a toxic mechanism that makes this
small
birdie invincible they eat only certain
types of beetles that provide this bird
with special toxins
even if you touch it you'll probably get
numb as a result of intoxication
it's inedible since the toxins don't
disappear even when it's cooked
golden eagles are the power lifters in
the bird's world
they can carry weights up to four pounds
they pick up tortoises and other prey
easily
these mighty birds are strong enough to
steal a toddler
but they actually never do that moreover
in mongolia
people even use these eagles to hunt
wolves
canada geese have been living close to
humans for years
but they're still wary of us getting
near their homes especially in the
spring
mating season at this time the geese can
chase
and bite people they consider a threat
to their eggs mates or
babies if you want to avoid being
attacked by these seriously angry birds
the best thing you can do is just slowly
back away
romantic seagulls in the sky don't seem
to cause many problems
the worst thing they can do is leave you
some unwanted droppings
well this impression is pretty
misleading because these birds are
very aggressive like all of their kind
they don't attack
because they feel like doing so so the
rule is quite simple
just don't touch those birds and stay
away from their nests
[Music]
oh and when the time machine is finally
invented
be especially careful with the birds
from the past
velociraptors are long past existing
just like the rest of the dinosaurs
they had talons and feathers so these
guys were actual
birds and not scaly lizards by the way
these are the stiletto sharp
talons you should be afraid of these
could cut anything
beware if you go into the future too you
never know what's waiting for you over
[Music]
there